[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-4 (#114267)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-pod-scan-cso-using.adoc

[id="security-pod-scan-cso-using_{context}"]

> = Using the {rhq-cso}
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> The following procedure shows you how to use the {rhq-cso}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use the {rhq-cso} to access vulnerability scan results from the {product-title} web console.

The following procedure shows you how to use the {rhq-cso}.
```
